oh boy here I go making ideas again

Nauvis I:
- Red, green, blue science
  = Make steel require coal or carbon, so you can't make it without carbon.
  = Blurcuits require silicon, which is laboriously extracted from stone & sulfuric acid
  = Laser components, for lasers. Difficult to craft on Nauvis due to high pressure (?)
  = LDS requires aluminum. How do I make it prohibitively expensive but still possible on Nauvis?
    Drop from your crashed spaceship?
- Orbital data. Craft telescopes that you must supply with power and data cards.
  = Programmed data cards spoil into blank cards again
  = Nauvis does not produce very good orbital data due to high pressure
  = But Viate does! Hold your horses
- Astrodynamic science pack:
  = 5x Orbital data card
  = Space platform (now feat. LDS?)
  = Electric motor
- Consume some small number of these to discover Viate.
  (the engineer is incapable of looking up)
- Note you cannot build thrusters yet.

Viaté: the moon of Nauvis
- Natural resources:
  = Regolith, processable into silicon, iron, and stone, and small amounts of aluminum
  = Ice, in small formations near cliffs
- Extremely high solar power production, but slow day-cycle, requiring prodigious numbers of accumulators or storing tons of heat in water.
  = Research thermal solar panels
- Pollution: dust!
  = Mechanical activity produces airborne dust, which slows down machines.
    (implement as a beacon sitting on any entity you place?)
  = Robots hate them!
  = You can spray it down with water, or just big-dick it with moar speed
  = Stone bricks, concrete, and refined concrete help damp it down
  = On Fulgora, you get electrostatic pummelers, which are even better at removing it

Regolith has many ways to process it.
- Smelt into stone bricks.
- Wash with water into a little bit of silicon, stone, and iron ore.
- Wash with sulfuric acid into a lot of silicon, a little bit of stone, and a chance of aluminum nuggets.
  Aluminum lets you make more LDS!

The landmark research here is the Logistic Railgun, which you can only build on
surfaces with low gravity (like Viate!), but is much cheaper to send up items.
Notably, the capsules do not require LDS.
Perhaps the more segments of railgun you stick end-to-end, the more weight it can carry in one capsule,
but the more power-hungry it gets. <-- bikeshedding
